# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

  in console.rb

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

  in property.rb save() method

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

  PropertyTracker.delete_all()
  flat1.save()
  flat2.save()

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

  the database assigns the id to avoid conflict with existing ids

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

  in the save() method where we have saved to the datebase, we ask the database to return back the id where it is then assigned to the property instance variable.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

  so ruby won't try to return an id if there isn't one, preventing a nil value

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

  instance methods are quick and specific but class methods handle looking through all of the data to return a result

  change an instance of a property vs changing all

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

  an object, like an array of hashes, by using RETURNING id after the expected variables are handled

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

  to protect against SQL injection attacks where a user can input malicious code that could wipe the database, for example

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

  id, address

Q11. What are their return values?

  an instance of a property
